*****Welcome to bidding war***** 
Instructions: 
 -Enter an increase in bid value from 1-10 
 -If you enter a value > 10, then modulo 10 is taken 
 -Enter 0 to give up the war and exit

Enter initial bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 14

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 28

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 42

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 56

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 70

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 84

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 98

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 112

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 126

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 140

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 154

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 168

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 182

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
your bid was matched by opposing teams 
current bid = 196

Enter increase in bid : 2147483647
you won with a bid of 203
